JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
We now are going to want to do
everything
we can to help you succeed,
because, if you
succeed, then the country
succeeds.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The beginning of
a presidential
shift.
President- elect Donald Trump
meets with President
Obama in the Oval Office to
discuss a peaceful
transition of power.
DONALD TRUMP (R),
President-Elect: Mr. President,
it was a great honor being with
you, and I
look forward to being with you
many, many
more times in the future.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Also ahead
this Thursday:
previewing the first 100 days of
a Trump presidency,
how the campaign rhetoric could
become policy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And the fight for
Iraq.
While the siege in Mosul
continues, we look
at how the city of Kirkuk fought
back against
ISIS fighters.
NAJMALDIN KARIM, Governor of
Kirkuk, Iraq:
There's something about Kirkuk
that's so different
from everywhere else.
In other places, when these
things happen,
people hide or run away.
They just evacuate.
The people of Kirkuk do the
contrary.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All that and
more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: President-elect
Donald Trump
is back in New York City
tonight, after a
day of first meetings in
Washington.
It was the formal launch of the
transition
of power, and there was no sign
of the bitter
broadsides that marked the
campaign.
John Yang begins our coverage.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
Well, I just had the opportunity
to have an
excellent conversation with
president-elect
Trump.
JOHN YANG: President Obama
welcomed Donald
Trump to the Oval Office today,
just days
after he called the Republican
dangerous and
unqualified, and after Mr. Trump
called the
Obama record a disaster.
So, how did their first
face-to-face meeting
go?
BARACK OBAMA: I have been very
encouraged
by the, I think, interest in
president-elect
Trump's wanting to work with my
team around
many of the issues that this
great country
faces.
We now are going to want to do
everything
we can to help you succeed,
because, if you
succeed, then the country
succeeds.
DONALD TRUMP (R),
President-Elect: I have
great respect.
The meeting lasted for almost an
hour-and-a-half.
And it could have -- as far as
I'm concerned,
it could have gone on for a lot
longer.
We really -- we discussed a lot
of different
situations, some wonderful and
some difficulties.
And I look forward to being with
you many,
many more times in the future.
JOHN YANG: As reporters shouted
questions,
Mr. Obama even offered his
successor a bit
of advice.
BARACK OBAMA: Here's a good
rule.
Don't answer any questions when
they just
start yelling.
(CROSSTALK)
DONALD TRUMP: It's always the
last one.
JOHN YANG: White House Press
Secretary Josh
Earnest said the meeting was a
little less
awkward than some had expected.
JOSH EARNEST, White House Press
Secretary:
I feel confident in telling you
that they
didn't resolve all their
differences.
But I also feel confident in
telling you that
they didn't try to resolve all
their differences.
What they sought to do was to
lay the foundation
for an effective transition from
the Obama
presidency to the Trump
presidency.
JOHN YANG: Another part of that
foundation?
Relations with Congress.
When he becomes president, Mr.
Trump will
preside over a unified
government, Republicans
in charge here at the White
House and on Capitol
Hill.
The question is how unified
those Republicans
will be.
Meeting with the president-elect
this afternoon,
House Speaker Paul Ryan, whose
relationship
with candidate Trump was
sometimes rocky,
pledged to work together.
REP.
PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker of the
House: We're
going to turn that victory into
progress for
the American people.
And we are now talking about how
we are going
to hit the ground running to
make sure that
we can get this country turned
around and
make America great again.
JOHN YANG: Mr. Trump made clear
that some
of the Republican House's
priorities are also
his priorities.
DONALD TRUMP: Whether it's
health care or
immigration, so many different
things, we
will be working on them very
rapidly.
And I think we will be putting
things up pretty
quickly.
JOHN YANG: He also met with
Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell.
The Trump team is also beginning
the arduous
task of building an
administration.
New Jersey Governor Chris
Christie, former
House Speaker Newt Gingrich and
former New
York Mayor Rudy Giuliani are
being widely
mentioned for top positions.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm John
Yang at the
White House.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Also today, Vice
President
Biden had his own meeting with
the vice president-elect,
Mike Pence.
And first lady Michelle Obama
hosted Melania
Trump at the White House for
tea, as their
husbands talked.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In the day's
other news:
The Trump rally carried Wall
Street to a new
record.
Investors bid up bank shares,
amid hopes for
an easing of financial
regulations.
That sent the Dow Jones
industrials to close
to a new record, gaining 218
points to finish
near 18808.
The Nasdaq fell 42 points as
money shifted
out of tech stocks, and the S&P
500 added
four.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The
president-elect still faces
legal troubles over his
now-defunct Trump
University.
It's the subject of a civil
fraud lawsuit,
and, today, a federal judge in
San Diego refused
to issue a blanket ban on using
campaign statements
as evidence.
The case goes to trial on
November 28, but
the judge urged both sides to
settle, given,
as he said, all else that's
involved.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Tuesday's
election has sparked
a wave of protests against the
outcome.
At least 10 cities saw
demonstrations last
night, with more to come
tonight.
PROTESTERS: Not my president!
Not my president!
HARI SREENIVASAN: That refrain
echoed across
cities throughout the country
overnight, from
New York, to Kansas City, to
Seattle, Washington.
Thousands of protesters, mostly
young people,
condemned the election of Donald
Trump.
In Los Angeles, they blocked
major highways,
slowing traffic to a crawl.
And, elsewhere, they burned a
papier-mache
effigy of the president-elect.
WOMAN: We cannot tolerate that
man as a president
of this country.
I will not.
I will never accept this.
WOMAN: This is a protest
advocating love and
that there are good people out
here in this
world that want to fight for
equality.
HARI SREENIVASAN: There was some
scattered
violence.
Crowds in Oakland, California,
set fires in
roads and broke windows of
businesses.
Police responded with tear gas.
All told, more than 100 people
were arrested
nationwide.
The Trump camp dismissed the
protesters.
Former New York Mayor Rudy
Giuliani spoke
on FOX News this morning.
RUDY GIULIANI (R), Former Mayor
of New York:
The reality is, they're a bunch
of spoiled
crybabies.
He should find a way to listen
and talk about
it and then say to them, look,
you're overdoing
it.
Take a while and evaluate my
presidency a
year from now.
HARI SREENIVASAN: White House
spokesman Josh
Earnest said President Obama
believes in nonviolent
protest, but also that, in his
words -- quote
-- "We're Americans and patriots
first."
Demonstrations carried into the
day, including
walkouts by high school students
in some places.
More protests are set in several
cities tonight
as well.
NATALIA ARISTIZABAL, Make the
Road New York:
We are not going to stay quiet.
We're not going to go back to
closets.
We are going to go out on the
streets and
continue to fight for our
rights.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Natalia
Aristizabal is with
the immigration rights group
Make the road
new York, which claims about
20,000 members.
NATALIA ARISTIZABAL: This is
actually for
our communities and for us to be
able to have
a space that is safe, but that
allows us to
yell and to shed our anger and
tears, but
do it together, because that's
the only way
that we're going to get through
this.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Her group
plans to march
Sunday in Manhattan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There's also more
reaction
overseas to the Trump victory.
The president of the European
Commission called
for clarity today from the
president-elect
on trade, climate change and
NATO.
Jean-Claude Juncker spoke in
Berlin, and noted
that Mr. Trump has voiced doubts
or criticism
on all three issues.
JEAN-CLAUDE JUNCKER, President,
European Commission
(through translator): We expect
the designated
U.S. president to be clear on
what his intentions
are.
We would like to know how things
will proceed
with the global trade policy.
We would like to know what
intentions Mr.
Trump has regarding the
alliance.
We must know what climate
policies he intends
to pursue, and all this must be
cleared up
in the next few months.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Meanwhile,
British Prime Minister
Theresa May spoke with
president-elect Trump
by phone.
Her office says that he invited
her to visit
him soon.
And South Korea's President Park
Geun-hye
had her own phone chat.
Candidate Trump had talked of
withdrawing
some U.S. forces from the South.
Today, Park's office quoted him
as saying,
"We are going to be with you 100
percent."
HARI SREENIVASAN: A top adviser
to the president-elect
caused a stir over Israeli
settlements today.
Jason Greenblatt told Israeli
Army Radio -- quote
-- "West Bank settlements are no
obstacle
to peace."
That would be a marked departure
from longstanding
U.S. policy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Back in this
country, a man
accused of exploding bombs in
New York City
and New Jersey had his first
appearance in
federal court.
Ahmed Khan Rahimi is facing
terrorism charges
for the September attacks that
injured 30
people.
He didn't enter a plea today.
Rahimi was born in Afghanistan,
but is now
a U.S. citizen.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And the man
who bills himself
America's toughest sheriff has
been turned
out of office.
Longtime Arizona lawman Joe
Arpaio lost his
reelection bid on Tuesday after
24 years in
office.
He'd gained prominence for his
aggressive
stance on illegal immigration.
But he also sparked federal
investigations
of alleged racial profiling.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
what a President
Trump could do in his first 100
days in office;
why women didn't vote the way
many expected;
the Islamic State's attempt to
take over another
Iraqi city; and much more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A peaceful
transfer of power
is a pillar of American
democracy.
As President Obama welcomed
president-elect
Trump in the Oval Office, we
take a look back
at how these transitions have
gone in the
past with Jon Meacham, author of
"Destiny
and Power: The American Odyssey
of George
Herbert Walker Bush."
And Nancy Gibbs, she's editor in
chief at
"TIME" magazine and the
co-author of "The
Presidents Club."
And we welcome both of you back
to the program.
Jon Meacham, to you first.
I know we don't have a lot to go
on, just
that short photo opportunity in
the Oval Office,
but how did it look to you that
this transition
is getting off?
JON MEACHAM, Presidential
Historian: Well,
better than expected, given that
48 hours
ago they were at each other's
throats.
So the bar has been lowered in
many ways in
this campaign.
And so why wouldn't that be true
in terms
of a transition?
I think that President Obama has
hit all the
right notes.
I think that president-elect
Trump has hit
all the right notes since
election night,
as did Secretary Clinton.
And so I think that this may be
the shortest
honeymoon ever, but at least
it's a period
of some tranquility after the
storm.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Nancy Gibbs, as
someone who
has studied transitions going
back for many
presidents, how does this one
look so far?
NANCY GIBBS, "TIME": Well, it
looks actually
like a pattern we have seen
before, which
is two politicians of different
parties who
have been very tough as
political opponents
who very quickly come together
when they find
themselves in a new position.
This tradition goes back to
1952, when Harry
Truman invited the newly elected
Dwight Eisenhower
to the White House after
Eisenhower's election.
Those two men could not stand
each other and
were barely on speaking terms.
They were very, very bitter
rivals.
And yet Truman, who himself had
taken office
with no preparation so suddenly
when Franklin
Roosevelt died, felt, in the
nuclear age it
was just too dangerous for
anyone to walk
into the Oval Office unprepared.
And so he invited Eisenhower to
come, briefed
him, had the Cabinet secretaries
meet.
Eisenhower in turn did the same
thing with
John F. Kennedy, once again a
young man from
a different party whom
Eisenhower had very
little respect for.
But they respect the office.
And they particularly respect
the demands
of it.
And they want to make sure that
the guy who
is coming in to take over
understands just
what it is that he's facing.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now, a lot of us
don't realize
that it's been -- there's been
bitterness
going back for a long time.
Jon Meacham, what are examples
of what -- of
a transition that has worked
well, where it
has -- where the two sides have
had to overcome
some challenges, but they have
made it happen?
JON MEACHAM: Well, I don't think
we have to
go back very far.
I think, if you go back to the
dismal autumn
of 2008, when a lot of people
believed that
the economy, I think, as
President Bush put
it at the time, that the sucker
could go down,
and there were an enormous
number of emergency
financial steps that had to be
taken.
And we have heard both President
Obama and
President Bush talk about how
smooth that
transition was.
And I think, as Nancy says, it
speaks well
of the office.
The other factor here, I think,
is politicians
admire vote-getters, even if
they disagree
with everything that they did to
get the votes.
And so there's a certain
clubbiness here,
that they respect strength, they
respect those
who master the world that they
have mastered.
And I suspect -- though
President Obama might
not admit it, I suspect that
somewhere in
his being, there's a curiosity
about this
man who has shaken up American
politics so
profoundly.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What about that,
Nancy Gibbs?
What are some of the factors
that might lend
themselves to a more successful
handover of
power?
NANCY GIBBS: One thing I think
that is important
to bear in mind is, some part of
this is very
practical about the nuts and
bolts of a smooth
transition, not just at the
level of president
to president, but Cabinet
members, White House
staff members, national security
officials,
of having as much communication
as possible,
so that that goes smoothly.
But some part of this is
theater.
And I think particularly after a
very bitter
campaign of the kind that we
just saw, there's
a recognition that the country
needs to see
this, that the world needs to
see it, that
the country comes first and the
well-being
of the people comes first, and
to see these
two teams working together is an
important
part of sort of national
reconciliation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Jon Meacham,
how much
has that played into transition
in the past,
because -- especially right now,
these two
men have their own differences,
but we're
watching a country that's still
very divided.
JON MEACHAM: Oh, absolutely.
The first peaceful transfer from
one party
in power to the other party was
in 1800.
And it was a very close-run
thing because
of a controversy with the
election between
Adams and Jefferson, and they
were insistent
that the constitutional order
clean up that
anomaly in the Electoral College
and make
this transition happen.
That set a pattern.
One of the remarkable things,
when you think
about it, is that we had in the
Union states
an election in 1864.
There are certain -- to go to
Nancy's point,
there are certain rituals that
send an important
cultural and political signal
that the body
politic is intact.
It may be fighting each other.
One arm may be trying to punch
the other fist,
but, ultimately, it is one
country, and the
political order is bigger than
any one person.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Nancy Gibbs,
if you're
Donald Trump, the
president-elect, what are
you looking for from President
Obama and the
people around him?
And, conversely, what is
President Obama looking
for from the Trump team?
NANCY GIBBS: Well, you know,
this is going
to be so interesting to watch,
because, naturally,
anyone who has just been elected
president
may think that they have all the
answers and
have no need for advice, that
they have just
had the affirmation of the
country that they
are ready to lead.
And they very quickly discover
how much they
don't know.
And so I think that it was
interesting that
president-elect Trump today
talked about turning
to President Obama for counsel.
And there's a long tradition of
that as well,
again, from former political
adversaries,
from people who don't share any
partisan views
in common, and yet recognize the
need to be
talking to each other and the
resource that
former presidents can be.
So, I suspect, you know,
president-elect Trump
would like to know that he can
call President
Obama in months to come when he
needs to.
And I think President Obama
would like to
know that that phone line is
open, as it has
been in the past between sitting
presidents
and their predecessors.
JON MEACHAM: The real...
JUDY WOODRUFF: Jon Meacham, go
ahead.
JON MEACHAM: Sorry.
The real danger, as Nancy is
saying, is hubris.
And President Kennedy didn't
have -- Nancy
mentioned Eisenhower didn't
think much of
Kennedy.
Well, Kennedy didn't think much
of Eisenhower,
thought he was too bureaucratic,
the decision-making
was too militaristic, owed too
much to Eisenhower's
military command years.
Kennedy comes in, wants a
freewheeling style,
empowers the CIA, empowers kind
of a more
improvisational decision-making
world.
And that led him to the Bay of
Pigs in April
of 1961.
And what does he do after that
disaster?
He picks up the phone and he
invites Dwight
Eisenhower to come to Camp
David, and they
do it all again.
They sort of had -- they had to
have a second
transition to some extent.
And so I think that's the great
cautionary
example.
These men need to listen to each
other and
learn quickly.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, what's for
sure is, all
eyes are on the two of them.
And we thank both of you, Jon
Meacham, Nancy
Gibbs.
We appreciate it.
JON MEACHAM: Thanks, Judy.
HARI SREENIVASAN: After that
transition to
the White House, Donald Trump
will settle
in for his first day of work,
January 21,
2017.
He's already proposed the
actions he wants
to take within his first 100
days in office,
but which campaign promises can
he realistically
tackle in that time?
For more on this, we're joined
now by Alan
Gomez, immigration reporter for
USA Today,
Julie Rovner, senior
correspondent for Kaiser
Health News, and Scott Horsley,
White House
correspondent for NPR, who was
at the White
House today for Trump's meeting
with President
Obama.
Scott, let me start with you.
He has specified -- he has
specified a contract
with his voters that range --
that has a lot
of things on it.
It ranges everything from
repealing Obamacare
to backing out of trade deals to
undoing all
the executive actions.
So, which of those are
achievable in the first
100 days?
SCOTT HORSLEY, National Public
Radio: Well,
some of the things, like
repealing Obamacare,
will take cooperation from
Congress.
And that may be more
time-consuming.
But some of them, Donald Trump
can at least
start on, on day one, or maybe
day three.
Day one, I think, is a Saturday.
But very early on, he can start
to undo some
of the executive orders that
President Obama
has put in place.
And President Obama has used
executive orders
to advance a lot of things that
he was unable
to push through a
Republican-controlled Congress
in areas like immigration, where
he granted
a reprieve to young people who
came into the
country illegally as children, a
reprieve
from deportation.
That could be undone quickly by
Donald Trump.
The big area on those executive
orders is
climate change.
Much of the president's climate
agenda has
been executed administratively,
or through
the executive branch and through
the EPA,
and Donald Trump has promised to
unwind that.
The clean power plan -- the
Clean Power Plan,
which regulates coal-fired power
plants, for
example, that's really the heart
of what the
U.S. did as part of the Paris
climate accords.
And that is something that could
be reversed.
It's on hold anyway right now
because of legal
challenges, but that could be
reversed really
very quickly by president-elect
Trump.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Julie Rovner,
one of the
key cornerstones to all the
Republicans really
that were running were to repeal
and replace
Obamacare.
Let's listen to a clip of part
of this contract
that president-elect Trump made
in his recent
speech at Gettysburg.
DONALD TRUMP (R),
President-Elect: The Repeal
and Replace Obamacare Act.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
DONALD TRUMP: Fully repeal
Obamacare and replace
it with health savings accounts.
And we can do that.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Two parts to
that.
First, the repeal, how easy is
that?
JULIE ROVNER, Kaiser Health
News: Not that
easy.
It turns out, if you actually
want the repeal
the entire law, you will need 60
votes in
the Senate, unless they get rid
of the filibuster,
which seems unlikely.
They don't have -- the
Republicans don't have
60 votes.
They can repeal parts of it
using a budget
process, but even that will take
some time,
because, in order to get to that
bill, they
have to do a budget resolution
first.
That will take at least a matter
of weeks.
So, this is not something that's
likely, even
a partial repeal, to be
accomplished in the
first 100 days.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Are there any
things that
they can do to try and create
disincentives
for insurance companies or to
try and decrease
the amount of Medicaid that's
going out?
JULIE ROVNER: Well, they could
do a lot of
things.
Because the Republican Congress
has been saying
repeal and replace pretty much
since the bill
became a law in 2010, President
Obama has
had to do a lot of implementing
it by executive
order.
And President Trump could just
reverse a lot
of those executive orders.
He could make all kinds of
mischief for the
law.
But one of the things that
they're talking
about doing in this -- it's sort
of a two-step
repeal, then replace, because,
they can't
repeal all of it.
They'd repeal part of it and
they would let
it stay in effect for some
portion of time
while they try to come up with a
replacement.
So it's hard to know whether
they want to
do a lot of disincentives if
they're intending
to leave it intact, so they
don't end up taking
health insurance away from 20
million people.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Alan Gomez,
another one
of the cornerstones of this
campaign that
resonated with so many of his
voters was to
build a wall between the United
States and
Mexico.
Let's take a listen to another
clip.
DONALD TRUMP: End Illegal
Immigration Act.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
DONALD TRUMP: Fully fund the
construction
of a wall on our southern
border.
Don't worry about it.
Remember, I said Mexico is
paying for the
wall.
HARI SREENIVASAN: What are the
walls in between
that idea and reality?
ALAN GOMEZ, USA Today: Well,
building a wall
and getting -- and figuring out
how to get
Mexico to fund that is
absolutely something
that he has to work with
Congress on.
They have to create a whole
legal mechanism
to try to withhold the
remittances that are
going to go back to Mexico that
he says are
going to be the basis for paying
for this
wall.
And just funding it is going to
require a
lot of work from Congress.
But this is one area where the
president absolutely
has a lot of discretion when it
comes to deportations,
to refugees, to who gets
admitted into the
country, those other things that
he talked
about throughout the campaign.
He has a lot of power in that
area.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Alan, about
the deportations.
Right now, how much -- or how
many people
are allowed to stay in this
country right
now who are not actively being
prosecuted
to be deported because of what
President Obama
has done through executive
action?
ALAN GOMEZ: Well, right now,
it's been about
over 800,000 young undocumented
immigrants
who have been granted -- it's
called the Deferred
Action for Childhood Arrivals
program, DACA.
So, there's 800,000 kids who
have that right
now.
That was created by a memorandum
by the Department
of Homeland Security.
So, President Trump's secretary
of homeland
security can just rescind that,
institute
a new one, and all of a sudden
all those kids
are open to deportation.
But there's also the question of
the entire
Border Patrol, all of
Immigration and Customs
Enforcement.
They can now be sort of
refocused, retasked
on going out and finding more
people and getting
them deported.
He would need more money to ramp
up the deportations
to the level that he's talked
about, but,
in the short term, he can
absolutely redirect
them and really increase that
deportation
apparatus.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Scott Horsley,
one of the
things -- one of the first
things on that
contract that Donald Trump has
with his voters
is to -- he wants to impose term
limits on
Congress.
And, as we saw, as -- Senate
Leader Mitch
McConnell yesterday, that's not
going to be
something that the Senate takes
up, not that
this is a failure of his
contract before he
even gets into office, but this
is a relationship
business.
SCOTT HORSLEY: That's right.
And I think Senator McConnell
called that
a nonstarter, even though it's
right at the
top of the 100-days agenda.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, in terms
of those things
in that contract, what does the
president-elect
do, Scott Horsley, to try to
figure out ways
where things can be more
palatable to a Congress
that's willing and interested in
working with
him?
SCOTT HORSLEY: Well, there was a
lot of stuff
on that list that Donald Trump
hasn't talked
a lot about during the campaign.
And a lot of that
drain-the-swamp stuff wasn't
really a major focus of his
campaign.
The term limits, the lobbying
limits, that
was not something that he
campaigned on for
months and months at a time.
The real priorities -- and these
are the things
that he talked about when he
went up to the
Hill today to meet with Mitch
McConnell and
House Speaker Paul Ryan.
He focused on jobs, immigration,
and health
care.
By health care, he means
repealing the Affordable
Care Act.
And, certainly, those are all
issues that
a Republican Congress will look
on favorably.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Julie Rovner,
one of the things that we have
learned is
that it's reported 100,000
people signed up
for Obamacare after the results
of the election
came in.
And I say that because the
replace is one
part that is very complicated,
as you mentioned.
Paul Ryan seems to be fairly
confident that,
with a president who will not
veto this, that
it's more possible.
But how complicated is it to try
to come up
with something that they're
going to have
to have some bipartisan
agreement on to get
forward, going forward?
JULIE ROVNER: Well, it's very
complicated.
And, first, for the people who
are signing
up now for 2017, every
indication is that
that coverage will start on
January 1, 2017,
and continue probably even until
the end of
2017, possibly until the end of
the following
year, because what Congress
seems to want
to do is do this partial repeal
and pick a
date out in the future,
basically give themselves
time, let the program exist as
it is, give
themselves time to come up with
that replacement.
That replacement, though, as you
mentioned,
is going to be very difficult.
Republicans have had six years
to come up
with the replace part of repeal
and replace.
And sort of the best they have
been able to
come up with is a still pretty
outline outline
that House Speaker Ryan came out
with last
summer.
But turning that into a real
program might
be difficult, and it might not
be able to
get through the Senate.
So, it's a pretty risky
proposition, although
they have vowed so hard to
repeal the law
that they pretty much can't not.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And,
politically, there's
20 million people who are now
issued that
weren't.
JULIE ROVNER: That's right, and
20 million
people whose insurance is tied
directly to
the Affordable Care Act, so who
really would
be at risk of losing that
coverage if the
law were simply repealed and
nothing replaced
it.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Alan Gomez,
another thing
that the president-elect has
said repeatedly
is about the concern that he has
about refugees
coming into the country.
He said he wanted to -- quote --
"begin removing
the more than two million
criminal illegal
immigrants from the country,
cancel visas
to foreign countries that won't
take them
back, and suspend immigration
from terror-prone
regions where extreme vetting
can't happen."
So, the second part of that, how
does he implement
extreme vetting, or how do his
advisers or
his future Department of
Homeland Security
head do that?
ALAN GOMEZ: Well, that's another
area where
he has a lot of power.
When it comes to refugees, first
off, President
Obama has increased the number
of refugees
that the U.S. has accepted each
year from
70,000 to 85,000 to 110,000 in
2017.
President Trump could bring that
down to zero.
That's completely in the purview
of the president.
And then, when it comes to
blocking immigrants
coming from other countries, at
first, he
called it a ban on Muslims.
He later changed that to say
that he wants
to ban people who are coming
from countries
that sponsor terrorism, who are
fostering
terrorism.
And there's a provision in the
Immigration
Nationality Act that allows a
president to
bar specific immigrants or whole
classes of
immigrants who are deemed
detrimental to the
interest of the United States.
So, right now, there's a lot of
immigration
lawyers around the country
sitting there saying,
he could absolutely do that, and
it would
be really hard to challenge that
in court,
because courts have
traditionally allowed
presidents to really take the
lead when it
comes to immigration.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Alan Gomez from
USA Today, Scott Horsley from
NPR, Julie Rovner,
thank you so much for joining
us.
JUDY WOODRUFF: When it comes to
economics,
president-elect Trump has
promised to revive
JUDY WOODRUFF: When it comes to
economics,
president-elect Trump has
promised to revive
American manufacturing, get
tough on trade
with China, cut taxes and invest
in infrastructure.
Our economics correspondent,
Paul Solman,
sat down with historian Adam
Tooze to put
Mr. Trump's agenda in
perspective.
It's part of his weekly series
Making Sense.
PAUL SOLMAN: Columbia
University's Adam Tooze,
historian of the economics of
World War II
Germany in a book called "The
Wages of Destruction,"
and more recently author of "The
Deluge" on
World War I and its economics,
at the moment,
he's working on a book about the
crash of
2008, all of which qualified
him, I thought,
to put Donald Trump's economic
plans in historical
context.
ADAM TOOZE, Columbia University:
Well, I think,
as a historian, what strikes one
the most
about this program is just
simply its nationalism,
with his commitment to the
redevelopment of
American manufacturing and
industrial jobs,
providing jobs for the
constituency that was
so important in electing him.
PAUL SOLMAN: But he's addressing
that constituency?
ADAM TOOZE: That is certainly
the promise
of his campaign and the promise
of his economic
program.
This economic program is really
the pickup
truck of economic programs.
It's the Ford F-150 of economic
programs.
It's about manufacturing.
It's about oil, fossil fuels.
It's a deliberate, forceful
reassertion of
an image of American
industrialism that we
have inherited from the 20th
century.
PAUL SOLMAN: As a historian, do
you find that
anachronistic?
ADAM TOOZE: Well, in some
senses, I think
it's almost deliberately
anachronistic.
There's a retro feel to the
Trump program.
And one can understand the
politics of that
at this moment.
It's an effort to buy time for a
constituency
of workers who have really been
suffering
in the last 20 years, and who
need to be prepared
and be given time to prepare for
a transition
to a very different type of
employment that
we may moving on to in the
coming decades.
What will be interesting to see
is whether
or not we see from the
administration initiatives
on higher education for this
work force, because
if those kinds of training
opportunities are
not provided, then I do think
this program
begins to look like a defensive
holding action,
a rear-guard action, buying time
for workers
who might not otherwise find
positions in
the 21st century.
PAUL SOLMAN: But this was the
rationale for
saving the auto industry, wasn't
it, the Democratic
Party's rationale, which is, we
preserve jobs,
at least for a while, to keep
the people who
have had them employed.
ADAM TOOZE: I think there's a
real common
ground here, in fact.
That was an exception within the
Obama administration's
economic policy, a crisis that
he inherited
from the previous
administration, and felt
it was essential to carry
through on.
But, in a sense, I think one can
see the Trump
program as if it were that
element of the
bailout of 2009 writ very large,
and now extended
out towards both fossil fuels,
and, on the
other hand, the infrastructure
program, which
is such a key element of the
spending side
of the Trump program.
PAUL SOLMAN: You're a scholar of
the economics
of the First World War, and the
economics
of the Second World War, and
Germany in particular.
Is there a connection in your
mind?
ADAM TOOZE: Though you might as
well have
also said FDR and the New Deal.
I mean, the 1930s are the birth
moment of
modern public sector,
government-driven infrastructure
spending.
The heyday perhaps of American
public infrastructure
is the Sputnik moment of the
1950s, the Eisenhower
administration, for instance,
which rolls
out the modern interstate
system.
The highway system of the United
States is
built during this period.
This has a proud American
history behind it,
which Trump, in some sense, has
seized ownership
of.
PAUL SOLMAN: But this is a
program that has
been associated with the
Democratic Party,
not the Republican Party.
ADAM TOOZE: Well, I think,
there, you have
to be careful, because, in the
Trump stimulus
package, there were two
elements.
One is the infrastructure
investment program,
which at this moment doesn't
have the financing
spelled out in any effective
form.
What we do have is a gigantic
matching tax-cutting
program as a way of stimulating
the economy.
PAUL SOLMAN: How have these tax
cuts worked,
when you look back at economic
history?
ADAM TOOZE: There's no doubt
that they act
as a stimulus.
How could they not, in a sense?
You're giving cash back to
households.
But they have two aspects.
One is that they're
unpredictable, and that
often rich and more affluent
households are
slow to spend the funds.
The other thing about tax cuts
is that they're
redistributive.
So they tend, naturally, to
benefit those
who pay tax.
And income tax in particular in
the United
States is concentrated on the
top half of
the income distribution, and
very heavily
skewed towards the top 10 or
even top 1 percent.
So, if you stimulate the economy
by means
of a tax cut, the people that
you tend to
be benefiting are the better
off.
PAUL SOLMAN: So much of
president-elect Trump's
economic policy is focused on
unfair competition
from China.
Is he not right to say that the
competition
has been unfair, and ought we
not be doing
something about it?
ADAM TOOZE: Viewing that complex
relationship
one-sidedly from the aspect of
manufacturing
and the impact of Chinese
imports on the United
States makes sense from the
point of view
of the Rust Belt of the United
States.
It may even make sense as a
political strategy
for a candidate running for
office.
But a dramatic unwinding of that
relationship,
by way of an aggressive trade
policy, is one
of the nightmare scenarios for
the global
economy as a whole, because it
would result
in a spiraling depreciation of
the dollar,
a surge in American interests
rates, a collapse
in the market for American
government debt.
It would be terrible both for
the United States
and China.
The sorts of sectors which
feature so largely
in the Trump program, and its
rhetoric, account
now for perhaps only about 15
percent of the
American work force.
PAUL SOLMAN: And that's
manufacturing.
ADAM TOOZE: That's
manufacturing, industry,
mining, construction, heavy
manual blue-collar
work.
The vast majority of Americans
are employed
in service sector industries,
and many of
those sectors are highly
internationalized.
The most high-value added
sectors, notably
the tech sector, is massively
globalized.
And, for them, it would be a
disaster if America's
trade policy was to go down a
spiraling route
towards protectionism.
PAUL SOLMAN: Could the Trump
constituency
be seeing something that a lot
of the rest
of America simply denies, that
is, that there
aren't going to be that many
good jobs in
the future because of automation
technology,
and, therefore, there's a need,
a social need,
a moral need for the country to
preserve their
jobs for at least as long as we
can?
ADAM TOOZE: What I think the
appeal of the
Trump program has been is that
it offers some
kind of concrete, specific,
historically rooted,
a familiar image of how ordinary
Americans,
regular Americans can earn their
living.
PAUL SOLMAN: In the here and
now.
ADAM TOOZE: In the here and now,
right now,
in a way in which we understand
and appreciate,
and which gives people a sense
of dignity
and value.
And I think the niche, the gap
which this
program fills is one which
previous Democratic
administrations, for all their
futuristic
embrace of globalization...
PAUL SOLMAN: Bridge to the 21st
century.
ADAM TOOZE: There was a bridge
to the 21st
century, and yet, somehow, for
very large
number of Americans, it was
unclear how you
got from one place to the other,
from being
a manual working-class man to
being some part
of a Brooklyn-based sharing
economy.
That lack of clarity is, in a
sense, what
this vision of manufacturing
work rejuvenated
fills.
PAUL SOLMAN: Adam Tooze, thank
you very much.
ADAM TOOZE: Been a pleasure.
JUDY WOODRUFF: More than half
the U.S. population
and more than half of the voters
in this election
were women.
Among them, 42 percent voted for
Donald Trump,
54 percent went for Hillary
Clinton, essentially
the reverse of how men voted.
We explore how American women
view the prospect
of a Trump presidency now with
Missy Shorey.
She is executive director of
Maggie's List.
It's a political action group
that works to
elect conservative women to
Congress.
And Goldie Taylor, she is editor
at large
for The Daily Beast.
And we welcome both of you back
to the program.
Missy Shorey, you were
supporting Donald Trump.
He was your candidate.
How are you feeling about it?
MISSY SHOREY, Executive
Director, Maggie's
List: Well, first of all, thank
you, Judy.
And, Goldie, thank you for your
service.
And happy birthday to the Marine
Corps.
Elated would be one word, but
it's very important
to say, as a Trump supporter,
I'm incredibly
happy, but it's very important
that we don't
gloat, but, rather, we're
grateful.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Goldie
Taylor, you didn't
support Mr. Trump.
How are you feeling?
GOLDIE TAYLOR, The Daily Beast:
You know,
I certainly have to agree that
this is a time
of unity for the country, that
it isn't a
time for gloating.
It is a time to roll up our
sleeves and really
get to work.
And that's going to come really,
I think,
from all of us.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Missy Shorey,
what do you say
to the women?
We have seen pictures of women
crying, women
upset about the election of
Donald Trump.
What would you say to them?
MISSY SHOREY: I understand that
people can
be upset.
Certainly, I was upset, as well
as many other
people, when we saw reelections
of people
who are much more liberal.
The past last two
administrations were very
hard for a lot of people.
But the important thing is to
remember that,
every time people protest, every
time they
yell, every time they have a
cry-in, if you
will, whether it be men or women
or students
across America, they're delaying
the healing
process.
This is a democracy.
And it's so important for us to
respect that.
I was proud that the American
electorate selected
President Obama, to have our
first African-American
president.
I was proud of that.
And I'm proud now that so many
voices of people
who haven't voted for decades
are now voting.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Goldie Taylor,
you want to
respond to that?
And, in particular, what is it
that you think
women -- about women's
reactions, some of
them, to Donald Trump's
election, what is
that saying?
GOLDIE TAYLOR: Well, I think we
all have something
really to be proud of here.
And I think it's really the
peaceful transition
of power.
And whether there are protests
or tears, that
too is protected by our
Constitution.
I think that it's something that
we all really
should embrace and that, as this
administration
comes to growth, that there will
be a torrent
of support for his agenda, and
there will
also be a torrent of opposition
for that agenda.
If we do that in a peaceful
manner, if we
engage in meaningful discourse,
if we really
grapple with the issues before
us, I think
that we all win.
And I think that, once we sort
of get through
the emotional upheaval of this
-- and, yes,
there was a tremendous emotional
upheaval
with the last two elections of
President Obama
-- once we get over that, then
we really have
to get about the work of really
governing.
And I think that's going to be
so awesomely
important.
And so, to ask for the reaction,
I think that
there were a fair number of
women and men
who were wholly vested in the
notion that
we were going to break that
ultimate glass
ceiling.
For me, it was less about
symbolism than about
the policies that we think may
or may not
come from this administration.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, speaking of
the message,
I want you both to again look at
a little
bit of what Hillary Clinton had
to say yesterday
in her concession speech
directed at young
women.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
And to all the little girls who
are watching
this, never doubt that you are
valuable and
powerful and deserving of every
chance and
opportunity in the world to
pursue and achieve
your own dreams.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Missy Shorey, how
should young
women who are -- children, young
girls who
are old enough to understand
what's going
on, how should they see this?
The first woman who gets close
to the presidency
is rejected.
MISSY SHOREY: I would argue that
they should
know that they can achieve
anything, especially
if they work hard for it on
their own merit.
And that's something that
necessarily didn't
happen here.
So, looking at Maggie's List,
for example,
we have outstanding women.
We had a 66 percent win rate in
the general
election this year.
We're very proud of that.
And looking to women like Martha
McSally and
Mia Love and Elise Stefanik as
young, very
dynamic leaders in the U.S.
House, they can
see that path.
Now, granted, let's get clear.
That's not the White House.
And, indeed, Hillary Clinton has
gotten the
closest anyone else has.
But our founder, Margaret Chase
Smith, was
also placed in nomination by a
formal party,
the Republican Party, in 1964.
So, from that standpoint, it is
attainable.
And I really appreciate Hillary
Clinton reminding
every woman of that, because it
is a uniting
message.
I thought she was very gracious
in that moment.
And it's very important that we
all keep carrying
that forward.
And I certainly hear and agree
with what Goldie
is saying and that same thing.
Are we upset that this
conversation literally
downgraded the way it did on
both sides?
You bet.
But, more importantly, it's now
about the
business of putting America back
on track
and literally making it great
again.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we should say
the women
Missy was mentioning -- Missy
Shorey was mentioning
are members of Congress,
Republican members
of Congress.
Goldie Taylor, what about the --
Hillary Clinton's
message to young women and what
young women
in particular should be thinking
right now?
GOLDIE TAYLOR: You know, I do
think that it
was a message certainly of
grace.
But if we look across the
country and what
also happened on Tuesday night
is that there
were other women elected to the
United States
Senate, you know, Kamala Harris
from California,
Tammy Duckworth from Illinois.
Harry Reid's seat, there will be
a woman in
his seat come this next term.
Those are brand-new things for
this U.S. Senate.
And I think that they will bring
their own
cultural lens to this job.
But having women elected to high
office, while
we certainly aspire to those
things, they
are really an outcome, you know,
rather than
sort of, you know, the causal
issue.
When we see women attaining high
office, we
know that something else is
happening in America.
And that means gender equality
is growing.
And that's really the important
part of this.
Whether or not man or a woman is
sitting in
the office is less relevant to
me than how
they choose to govern, how they
choose to
represent their constituencies.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let me
just, though,
come back to the gender
question, finally,
quickly to both of you.
Missy Shorey, what does this
election say
about the willingness of the
American people
to accept a woman as president,
do you think?
MISSY SHOREY: Well, the fact
that you had
someone who was a major nominee
and also another
woman who was running on the
ticket and made
her way to the top-tier debates,
Carly Fiorina,
shows we're more than ready.
It just needs to be the right
woman.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Goldie
Taylor, are you
worried that it may be -- that
the message
sent may be that they're not
ready yet, we're
not ready yet for a woman
president?
GOLDIE TAYLOR: I think the
country is more
than ready, as judged by the
popular vote
from Tuesday night, that Hillary
Clinton really
certainly did our country proud.
And we, as women, I think, there
is something
to look to and to point to.
But, again, Hillary Clinton,
while she was
a great national party
candidate, isn't the
only woman that's ever going to
run for president
again.
And so I think this country is
more than ready.
And I think, one of these days,
one woman
is going to crack that ultimate
glass -- is
going to burst through that
ultimate glass
ceiling.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On that note, I
will thank
both of you.
Goldie Taylor and Missy Shorey,
we appreciate
it.
MISSY SHOREY: Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: One of the
challenges overseas
that the new administration will
inherit is
the war in Iraq.
It's been almost a month since
the operation
to retake the ISIS-held city of
Mosul began.
Early on, the extremists sought
to divert
Kurdish forces from the fight by
attacking
Kirkuk, the oil capital of
Northern Iraq that's
been held by the Kurds for more
than two years.
Special correspondent
Christopher Livesay
recently visited the multiethnic
city to see
how it withstood the attack.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: Kirkuk is
over 100 miles
southeast of the ISIS-held city
of Mosul.
But, on October 21, no one could
tell the
difference.
It was just four days into the
Iraqi-led offensive
to recapture Mosul, but, as
Kirkuk residents
slept, a unit of ISIS fighters
launched an
attack on multiple locations
throughout the
city.
The assault would last more than
two days.
When it was over, 116 people
were dead, including
police, military, and civilians,
and more
than 80 of the ISIS fighters
were killed.
Among the dead and injured,
guests at the
neighboring Dar al Salam and
Snobar hotels
in the city center.
Mustafa Mohammed owns both.
This is the aftermath of an RPG
right here?
MUSTAFA MOHAMMED, Hotel Owner:
That's right.
Yes.
And they went on the second
floor and third
floor and the fourth floor.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: You can
still see the
bullet holes that riddle the
walls.
Out this window here, you can
see what looks
like a bulletproof vest spread
open.
You have got a pot full of food,
bottles of
waters, ammunition belts and
clothing strewn
about.
Once inside the hotel, the
militants had a
commanding view of government
areas.
The hotel is just across the
street from the
compound of Najmaldin Karim, the
governor
of Kirkuk.
NAJMALDIN KARIM, Governor of
Kirkuk, Iraq:
We watched them on our monitor
and the cameras
from outside.
We could see them.
And when they tried to come out,
a couple
of them came to detonate their
belt, and they
were killed by our police.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: That sounds
terrifying,
to be watching something like
that when you're
inside the target they're trying
to penetrate.
NAJMALDIN KARIM: Well, you don't
think about
fear at that time.
You think about how to kill
them.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: The attack
was indeed
suppressed.
But it still achieved much in
the Islamic
State's broader military
strategy, as it undergoes
a punishing offensive in and
around Mosul.
When ISIS attacked Kirkuk, they
managed to
divert thousands of anti-ISIS
fighters away
from Mosul.
The attack was so audacious, it
recalled the
ISIS takeover of Mosul two years
ago, thanks
in large part to the support of
the locals.
It appears ISIS hoped for a
similar welcome
in Kirkuk.
But that's not what happened.
NAJMALDIN KARIM: Their aim was
to come and
control this building, to be in
it, and declare
they that have controlled Kirkuk
and Kirkuk
was now part of the Islamic
State.
There's something about Kirkuk
that's so different
from everywhere else.
In other places, when these
things happen,
people hide or run away.
They just evacuate.
The people of Kirkuk do the
contrary.
They put their belts on, they
put their guns
on, and their ammunitions, and
they will come
in.
Actually, we lost 34 people who
had just come
on their own as volunteers.
And they were just killed,
because they didn't
know where the terrorists were,
and they were
coming on the streets.
So, the people of Kirkuk are
very, very resilient,
and I think was in -- ISIS was
in for a surprise.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: But the
attack may have
aggravated ethnic tensions.
Amnesty International and the
United Nations
have accused Kurdish authorities
of driving
hundreds of Arab families out of
the city
in an act of retaliation.
NAJMALDIN KARIM: First of all,
that's not
true.
Several hundred families is
nothing compared
to 115 (INAUDIBLE) and families
who are all
Sunni Arabs in this city.
If there was such a policy, none
of these
would have been allowed to come
in.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: Kirkuk is a
melting pot
of virtually every ethnic group
in Iraq, Kurds,
Turkmen, and Arabs.
They have co-existed for
centuries, but tensions
are not uncommon, and sometimes
violent.
ISIS, which is made up of
Sunnis, has exploited
those tensions, and depended on
the support
of sympathetic Sunni Arabs
across Iraq and
Syria.
But, in Kirkuk, that alliance
appears weak.
During our interview with the
governor, a
Sunni Arab named Mohammed Jawad
Ali Jasim
arrived to tell us his story.
NAJMALDIN KARIM: He says he
killed two ISIS.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: He says
ISIS militants
stormed into his home seeking
refuge.
Instead, Jasim says he shot two
of them dead
with his own AK-47.
Out of desperation, the third
attacker detonated
a suicide bomb, wounding him.
Sheik Anwar Al-Asi is the emir
of the Al-Ubaid
Tribes, a prominent Sunni in
both Kirkuk,
as well as ISIS-held territory.
He says that many Sunnis,
including members
of his tribes, supported ISIS at
the beginning.
SHEIKH ANWAR AL-ASI, Emir,
Al-Ubaid Tribes
(through translator): There is
some.
I can't deny that.
There is a section that helps
ISIS.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: Those views
have made
him a target.
Two years ago, ISIS blew up his
home near
Kirkuk when he refused to join
their alliance.
Of course, its riches aren't
limited to cultural
diversity.
Kirkuk is a trove of natural
resources.
This oil field and others like
it make Kirkuk
the largest producer oil
producer in all of
Northern Iraq.
And that makes Kirkuk an even
more attractive
prize to Islamic State, which
fueled its unprecedented
expansion across Iraq and Syria
in large part
by selling crude on the black
market.
These fields are just a short
distance from
Hawija, a vast area held by ISIS
on the border
of Kirkuk.
Amir Taleb Faruq commands the
Hawija front
line for the Peshmerga, the
Kurdish military
force that's been the most
successful bulwark
against ISIS since its invasion.
AMIR TALEB FARUQ, Peshmerga
Commander (through
translator): ISIS attacked over
in this area
six days ago.
But, just as in the past, we
subdued them,
and they didn't break through.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: Moments
later, an explosion
in ISIS territory.
Smoke billows from a white
building.
Coalition forces launched an
airstrike on
the same area the night before.
Coalition airstrikes have been
instrumental
in repelling ISIS from Kirkuk.
Major General Westa Rasul shows
us some armored
ISIS vehicles they captured
after a battle.
They're known as death cars.
MAJ.
GEN.
WESTA RASUL, Peshmerga (through
translator):
Last year, ISIS sent three of
these cars towards
Kirkuk.
Two of them were halted.
One of them made it three
kilometers past
the Peshmerga front line,
because nothing
can stop these things.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: These ISIS
death traps
are virtually indestructible.
RPGs can't take them out.
Machine gun fire can't take them
out.
But airstrikes can.
And one did in this case.
This is the exit wound of an
airplane that
fired down a missile on this
thing and took
it out.
The Peshmerga and the Iraqi army
now have
Hawija surrounded, says the
general.
But the border is vast and, in
some places,
porous, despite a sprawling wall
the Peshmerga
have built between Kirkuk and
the Islamic
State.
It's believed that the fighters
who launched
the attack on Kirkuk came from
this area,
and locals fear they could come
again.
MUSTAFA MOHAMMED: You get used
to it.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: So, it
might happen again.
It's just that you're not
worried.
MUSTAFA MOHAMMED: It might be.
It might be.
I don't know.
CHRISTOPHER LIVESAY: But that
isn't stopping
him from rebuilding his hotels.
Despite the risks from ISIS and
lingering
sectarian divisions in Kirkuk,
he says the
city will endure.
Kirkuk will outlive ISIS, he
says.
But the future of Iraq is less
certain.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Christopher Livesay
in Kirkuk.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Online, a
columnist looks at
other foreign policy challenges
around the
globe facing the new president.
That and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And that's the
"NewsHour"
for tonight.
On Friday, the first of two
special reports
on the Paris attacks one year
later.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening with Mark Shields and
David Brooks.
For all of us here at the "PBS
NewsHour,"
thank you, and good night.
For all of us here at the "PBS
NewsHour,"
thank you, and good night.